University High School Game Development Club Constitution



Article I : NAME

1.1. The name of the club shall be University High School Game Development Club, and shall be formally known as UniGDC.



Article II : PURPOSE AND INVOLVMENT

2.1. The purpose of the club is:

	1. to make a comfortable environment for whom want to make games;
	
	2. to have experiences of game developing process for whom want to be a game creator;
	
	3. to grow problem solving and communication skill through the game development process.



Article III : ELIGIBILITY

3.1. The club shall be opened to all University High School students who:

	1. have skills useful to make games (e.g. game programming, game designing, illustration, etc.);
	
	2. desire to learn the skills listed above and participate on the game development.



Article IV : ELECTION OF OFFICERS

4.1. The election of the board shall be held every semester.

4.2. New elected board members shall be trained by previous board if necessary.



Article V : OFFICER RESPONSIBILITIES

5.1. It shall be the duty of the Executive Director to:

	1. preside at meetings;
	
	2. oversee the other members of the board fulfulling their duties.
	
5.2. It shall be the duty of the Assistant Director to:

	1. preside at meetings in case of the absence of the president.
	
5.3. It shall be the duty of the Production Committee to:

	1. record the minutes of all meetings;
	
	2. record the votes of all meetings;
	
	3. give notice of all meetings;
	
	4. review the team request form.
	
5.4. It shall be the duty of the Treasurer to:

	1. oversee all financial activities of the club;
	
	2. keep complete records of all financial dealings of the club.
	
5.5. It shall be the duty of the Historian to:

	1. take visual records of the club's activities;
	
	2. record significant events of the club.
	
5.6. It shall be the duty of the Team Manager to:
	
	1. oversee all progressions of his team;
	
	2. present at all meetings and report progressions made;
	
	3. present at all meetings and report future plans.



Article VI : MEETINGS                                                       // DO WE NEED A BOARD MEETING EVERY WEEK?

6.1. The club meeting shall be held every Fridays, after school.            // IT HAS TO BE CHANGED AT SOME POINT, WE NEED TO TALK.

6.2. In these meetings, club members shall:

	1. discuss about the progress of the project;
	
	2. check the to-do list in order to finish the project in time;
	
	3. be assigned new works for next week.



Article VII : FINANCES

7.1. The club shall not be allowed to perform any kind of financial activity without the supervision of the Board's Treasurer.

7.2. The Treasurer shall compare his data with the club's financial database in order to keep the club's financial status' integrity and transparence.



Article VIII : OPEN-ENDED

8.1. The club's documents, including the Constitution, shall not be amended without 2/3 majoriy vote of the members present.

8.2. Any member who does not fulfill the eligibility above or has inappropriate behavior shall be suspended from the club with 2/3 majority vote of the Production Committee.

8.3. Any team which does not fulfill the eligibility above or is considered not being productive shall be disorganized with 2/3 majority vote of the Production Committee.
